README.md, before:

# ember-cli-dynamic-forms

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/ember-cli-dynamic-forms.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/ember-cli-dynamic-forms)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/toddjordan/ember-cli-dynamic-forms.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/toddjordan/ember-cli-dynamic-forms)
[![Ember Observer Score](http://emberobserver.com/badges/ember-cli-dynamic-forms.svg)](http://emberobserver.com/addons/ember-cli-dynamic-forms)

An Ember addon for creating dynamic forms, powered by [alpacajs](http://alpacajs.org).

## Installing

`ember install ember-cli-dynamic-forms`

## Upgrading

It's advisable to run `ember g ember-cli-dynamic-forms` between upgrades as dependencies may have been added, removed, or upgraded between releases. Please try this, along with clearing node_modules and bower_components before reporting issues after upgrading.

## Usage
Using ember-cli-dynamic-forms can be as simple as passing a json-schema compliant object into a component.  You can also provide the form with data and actions, either in the schema or with separate objects:

```hbs
{{dynamic-form schema=model.schemaObj data=model.dataObj formActions=formActionsObj}}
```

You can also create reusable form assets using ember-cli, such as validations and formatting rules: 
`ember generate dynamic-form-validator drinking-age`

And you can reference them in your schema:
```
     "beverage": {
        "label": "Choice of Beverage",
        "slider": true,
        "validator": "drinking-age"
      }
```      
For more details component usage and asset generation, see the [ember-cli-dynamic-forms documentation site](http://toddjordan.github.io/ember-cli-dynamic-forms/#/demos/basic-usage).

The schema variable can be in string or object form, but needs to be a valid json-schema alpaca form definition. See the [alpacajs website](http://alpacajs.org) for more information about building valid schemas.

## Development

### Setup

* `git clone` this repository
* `npm install`
* `bower install`

### Running Locally

* `ember server`
* Visit your app at http://localhost:4200.

## Running Tests

* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

## Building

* `ember build`

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [http://www.ember-cli.com/](http://www.ember-cli.com/).

Commit message:

Add ability to use closure actions to react to form value changes
start over after wrong turn

Add note on jquery resolution

suggested resolution for deprecation causes 2 tests to fail

fixed test failure

Add on change action support

Add documentation for new change action

Fix phantom test

simplify gatering of fields

add action on keyup and click

README.md, after:

# ember-cli-dynamic-forms

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/ember-cli-dynamic-forms.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/ember-cli-dynamic-forms)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/toddjordan/ember-cli-dynamic-forms.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/toddjordan/ember-cli-dynamic-forms)
[![Ember Observer Score](http://emberobserver.com/badges/ember-cli-dynamic-forms.svg)](http://emberobserver.com/addons/ember-cli-dynamic-forms)

An Ember addon for creating dynamic forms, powered by [alpacajs](http://alpacajs.org).

## Installing

`ember install ember-cli-dynamic-forms`

For now, you'll get a jquery resolution prompt when running install.  You'll want to pick the 1.11.3 option.

## Upgrading

It's advisable to run `ember g ember-cli-dynamic-forms` between upgrades as dependencies may have been added, removed, or upgraded between releases. Please try this, along with clearing node_modules and bower_components before reporting issues after upgrading.

## Usage
Using ember-cli-dynamic-forms can be as simple as passing a json-schema compliant object into a component.  You can also provide the form with data and actions, either in the schema or with separate objects:

```hbs
{{dynamic-form schema=model.schemaObj data=model.dataObj formActions=formActionsObj}}
```

You can also create reusable form assets using ember-cli, such as validations and formatting rules: 
`ember generate dynamic-form-validator drinking-age`

And you can reference them in your schema:
```
     "beverage": {
        "label": "Choice of Beverage",
        "slider": true,
        "validator": "drinking-age"
      }
```      
For more details component usage and asset generation, see the [ember-cli-dynamic-forms documentation site](http://toddjordan.github.io/ember-cli-dynamic-forms/#/demos/basic-usage).

The schema variable can be in string or object form, but needs to be a valid json-schema alpaca form definition. See the [alpacajs website](http://alpacajs.org) for more information about building valid schemas.

## Development

### Setup

* `git clone` this repository
* `npm install`
* `bower install`

### Running Locally

* `ember server`
* Visit your app at http://localhost:4200.

## Running Tests

* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

## Building

* `ember build`

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [http://www.ember-cli.com/](http://www.ember-cli.com/).
